[doc] Improve Multiple Val/Test Dataloaders with simultaneous batches option (#6320)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/advanced/multiple_loaders.rst

However, with lightning you can also return multiple loaders and lightning will take care of batch combination.

> For more details please have a look at :attr:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer.params.multiple_trainloader_mode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details please have a look at :paramref:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer.multiple_trainloader_mode`
```
you can do paramref

Test/Val dataloaders
--------------------
For validation and test dataloaders, lightning also gives you the additional

> option of passing multiple dataloaders back from each call. You can choose to pass
> the batches sequentially or simultaneously, as isdone for the training step.
> The default mode for validation and test dataloaders is sequential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option of passing multiple dataloaders back from each call. You can choose to pass
the batches sequentially or simultaneously, as is done for the training step.
The default mode for validation and test dataloaders is sequential.
```
